README.md, before:

# WM Toolkit

[![Build userscript](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/actions/workflows/build.yaml)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit?color=blue)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

KMU E-Learning toolkit tampermonkey script.

Translations: [繁體中文](README-zh_TW.md)

## Features

- [x] Download video from start classes section.
- [x] Remove Window Lock in exam.
- [x] Set category in question creation page.
  *(If you want to change block, go to script edit page and click storage tab)*
- [x] Auto-fill test information. (You only need to type test name and description)

## Keyboard shortcuts

Shortcuts         | Action
------------------|-----------------------------
Alt+1             | Embryology
Alt+2             | Microbio-Immunology
Alt+3             | Parasitology
Alt+4             | Public Health
Alt+5             | Clinical Knowledge
Alt+6             | Physiology
Alt+7             | Pharmacology
Alt+8             | Pathology
Alt+t             | Auto-fill Test Information

## Installation

### Install TamperMonkey on your Chrome/Edge

If you have installed TamperMonkey before, you can skip this step and directly install WM Toolkit.

Click following button to download Tampermonkey.

[![TamperMonkey](https://storage.googleapis.com/chrome-gcs-uploader.appspot.com/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/mPGKYBIR2uCP0ApchDXE.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)

### Add WM Toolkit to TamperMonkey

Follow the link below and then click install button on TamperMonkey script installation page.

Download link: https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/releases/latest/download/wm-toolkit.user.js

We use GitHub Action to build this project. So if you are unsatisfied with that, you can build it on your own. Our project is open source!

## Update

Click the TamperMonkey extension icon on the top-right of your Chrome, and then click the Dashboard button.
In installed script page, find the WM Toolkit script and click the last updated column, it will check for update and update it automatically.

## Bug report

Go to our [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/issues) and submit your issue.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people:
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ZhaoTzuHsien"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37932792?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>趙子賢</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/commits?author=ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/commits?author=ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

## License

This project uses the following license: [MIT](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Add GitHub release download badge

README.md, after:

# WM Toolkit

[![Build userscript](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/actions/workflows/build.yaml)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit?color=blue)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
![GitHub release (latest by SemVer and asset)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/latest/wm-toolkit.user.js?color=blueviolet)

KMU E-Learning toolkit tampermonkey script.

Translations: [繁體中文](README-zh_TW.md)

## Features

- [x] Download video from start classes section.
- [x] Remove Window Lock in exam.
- [x] Set category in question creation page.
  *(If you want to change block, go to script edit page and click storage tab)*
- [x] Auto-fill test information. (You only need to type test name and description)

## Keyboard shortcuts

Shortcuts         | Action
------------------|-----------------------------
Alt+1             | Embryology
Alt+2             | Microbio-Immunology
Alt+3             | Parasitology
Alt+4             | Public Health
Alt+5             | Clinical Knowledge
Alt+6             | Physiology
Alt+7             | Pharmacology
Alt+8             | Pathology
Alt+t             | Auto-fill Test Information

## Installation

### Install TamperMonkey on your Chrome/Edge

If you have installed TamperMonkey before, you can skip this step and directly install WM Toolkit.

Click following button to download Tampermonkey.

[![TamperMonkey](https://storage.googleapis.com/chrome-gcs-uploader.appspot.com/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/mPGKYBIR2uCP0ApchDXE.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)

### Add WM Toolkit to TamperMonkey

Follow the link below and then click install button on TamperMonkey script installation page.

Download link: https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/releases/latest/download/wm-toolkit.user.js

We use GitHub Action to build this project. So if you are unsatisfied with that, you can build it on your own. Our project is open source!

## Update

Click the TamperMonkey extension icon on the top-right of your Chrome, and then click the Dashboard button.
In installed script page, find the WM Toolkit script and click the last updated column, it will check for update and update it automatically.

## Bug report

Go to our [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/issues) and submit your issue.

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people:
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ZhaoTzuHsien"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/37932792?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>趙子賢</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/commits?author=ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/KMU-Dev/wm-toolkit/commits?author=ZhaoTzuHsien" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

## License

This project uses the following license: [MIT](LICENSE.md)
